After the interval between the two halves of a match teams swap ends of the field of play, in order to reduce any advantage that may be gained from wind or a slope to the pitch.	association football half time
President Obama's push for military action to punish Syria's alleged use of chemical weapons clears its first hurdle in the US Congress.	average walk time for a 5k
The hard disk could not be used due to a permanent damage on its surface	bad sectors on hard disk
jumping from a tall structure while connected to a large elastic cord	bungee jumping
Race bike frames are made by extremely strong and light fiber-reinforced polymer which contains carbon fibers	carbon fiber bike frame
The first plans for a metro system in Moscow date back to the Russian Empire but were postponed by World War I, the October Revolution and the Russian Civil War.	cold war era
Historically, in countries where Communist Parties were struggling to attain state power, the formation of wartime alliances with non-Communist parties and wartime groups was enacted.	Communist Party of the Soviet Union
Vladimir Ilyich Lenin served as the leader of the Russian SFSR from 1917, and then concurrently as Premier of the Soviet Union from 1922, until his death. 	Communist Party of the Soviet Union
Hydroelectricity is the production of electrical power through the use of the gravitational force of falling or flowing water.	electricity generated by hydropower
Researchers at the space agency believe they have discovered vital clues that appeared to indicate that primitive aliens could be living on the moon.	Evidence for life in outer space
This set of images from NASA's Cassini mission shows the difference in the amount of spray emanating from Saturn's moon Enceladus. 	instructions for replacing laptop keyboard
The US is going ahead with plans to deliver four F-16 fighter jets to Egypt despite the political unrest in the country.	keeping F-16 fighters in Jordan
He lived for over a decade without any contact with the society.	living in isolation
Glamor photography is also about fashionable visuals, however, with a difference.	old style portrait photography
The knotted pile carpet probably originated in the 2nd millennium BC in West Asia, perhaps the Caspian Sea area or the Armenian Highland, although there is evidence of goats and sheep being sheared for wool and hair which was spun and woven as far back at the 7th millennium.	origins of knotted carpet
Come and experience yourself: the best funparks and snowboarding slopes of the world.	snowboard holiday
Saturn's interior is probably composed of a core of iron, nickel and rock, surrounded by a deep layer of metallic hydrogen, an intermediate layer of liquid hydrogen and liquid helium and an outer gaseous layer.	warm water aquarium plants
Tourism is one of Italy's fastest growing and most profitable industrial sectors, with an estimated revenue of € 136.1 billion.	world heritage sites in italy
A cat which was elected mayor of an Alaskan town 15 years ago has been badly injured in a dog attack.	attack on the town's mayor cat
An assembly of ghosts, perhaps, but one which represents French values and legitimacy as much as or more than any political body.	important French values and legitimacy
By the way I used @altonbrown's sushi rice recipe on this week's food blog post, Breakfast Sushi. 	eating in bed
Denmark has a temperate climate, characterised by mild winters, with mean temperatures in January and February of 0.0 °C (32.0 °F), and cool summers, with a mean temperature in August of 15.7 °C (60.3 °F).	boiling point
He made several attempts to run away from home, finally succeeding, at age fourteen, by hiring on as a cabin boy and cook on a fishing schooner, but he soon returned home. 	jobs on a boat
I'm a multiple-time entrepreneur, living and working in the heart of Silicon Valley for the past quarter century.	mitral valve prolapse
if you play with my hair super gently I'll probably fall in love with you	the feeling of twirling your hair
In 1770, British sea captain Lieutenant James Cook landed at Botany Bay on the Kurnell Peninsula.	fake moon landing
Presumably the idea was to keep competitors guessing, but also to surprise and delight the faithful at new product reveals. 	in-store product promotion
Shell middens are found in coastal zones all over the world. 	the near-universal costal shell middens
The image sees the two brothers seemingly giving support to one another.	a portrait of brotherly love
The one-hour series follows an optimistic high school teacher as he tries to transform the school's Glee Club and inspire a group of ragtag performers to make it to the biggest competition of them all: Nationals.	dreams of national competition
There are several other methods of celestial navigation which will also provide position finding using sextant observations, such as the "Noon Sight", and the more archaic "Lunar Distance" method. 	celestial navigation by sextant observation
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.	mystery machine
There is no chemical used to change color when you pee in the pool:	color changing dyes
They were found in a wooden crate lying by a rubbish bin near a primary school.	crates by the school's garbage pile
We bought drugs on Silk Road's black market.	illegal goods
When I asked Meiklejohn to try to trace Forbes’ transactions, I started by giving her the Bitcoin addresses associated with our account on the popular Bitcoin wallet service Coinbase–information could in theory be obtained by any investigating law enforcement agency that sends Coinbase a subpoena. 	tracing monetary transactions
